on the campus of one of America's
leading universities there is the
problem the main hallway Charlie took my
colleagues and I on the two years to
prove I'm hoping that one of you might
prove it by the end of the semester the
most gifted mind to ever enter its
classrooms this is correct
Fidelis is the person who cleans its
floors I just need the name of this guy
who works in my building got this job
through his POA you can call him Pio
parole officer meet Will Hunting I've
been looking over this rap sheet of
yours assault theft resisting was broken
to the judge and his agreed to release
you not a my supervision read I have to
meet with a therapist every week for the
first time in his life he's about to
meet his match many shrink you go to
before me fine this boy's genius is
unparalleled I need someone who can get
through to him yeah let's do it I'm
pumped let the healing begin
I went on a date last week going out
again no no this girl was like getting
beautiful she's smart she's fun she's
like perfect right not only ruin that
maybe you're perfect right now maybe you
don't want to ruin that have you talked
him at all about his future
give him time to figure out what he
wants this boy has that gift can you
imagine if Einstein would have given
that up just to get drunk with his
buddies every night
some people can never believe in
themselves I can't learn anything from
you unless you want to talk about you
until someone believes in them you can
do anything you want you are bound by
nothing just sitting on a winning
lottery ticket I'd do anything to have
what you got and some never know how
much they can have I love you until we
discover how much they can give Academy
Award winner Robin Williams Matt Damon
Ben Affleck stellan skarsgård and Minnie
Driver Good Will Hunting nominated for
nine Academy Awards